[ADD] base_temporary_action - a module to create temporary actions (#3431)
OCA/server-tools: base_temporary_action/readme/CONTEXT.md

> We wanted to be able to create a new quotation with default values coming from an external system using a redirect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We wanted to be able to open a new quotation form (without creating it in the database) with default values coming from an external system using a GET route and redirect.
```

> We couldn't find a way to pass our values to a new quotation using Odoo standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We couldn't find a way to pass our values to a new quotation form using Odoo standard.
```
